Podman v4.9.0: Release notes and final cherry-picks (#21325)
containers/podman: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

## 4.9.0
### Features
- The `podman farm` suite of commands for multi-architecture builds is now fully enabled and documented.

> - Add a network recovery service to Podman Machine VMs using the QEMU backend to detect and recover from an inoperable host networking issues experienced by Mac users when ran for long periods of time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a network recovery service to Podman Machine VMs using the QEMU backend to detect and recover from inoperable host networking issues experienced by Mac users when running for long periods of time.
```

### Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where the HyperV provider for `podman machine` did not forward the API socket to the host machine.
- Fixed a bug where improperly formatted annotations passed to `podman kube play` could cause Podman to panic.

> - Fixed a bug where `podman system reset` could fail if non-Podman containers (e.g. containers created by Buildaj) were present.

Reviewer 2: Typo, 'Buildah', not worth repushing for just for this
